Update HEVC support status for Firefox (#38395)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/media/guides/formats/video_codecs/index.md

          <a href="https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9nmzlz57r3t7">HEVC video extensions from the Microsoft Store</a>
          is installed, and has the same support status as Chrome on other platforms. Edge (Legacy) only supports HEVC for devices with a hardware decoder.
        </p>

>         <p>FireFox 120 initially supports HEVC decoding, and enable by default since 133 (Windows platform only), Starting from version 137 support on macOS, Linux and Windows platform aligns with the range of Edge (Chromium).</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <p>Firefox 120 initially supported HEVC decoding in Nightly only. Support was enabled by default in Firefox 134 on Windows, Windows and macOS in Firefox 136, and Windows, macOS, and Linux in Firefox 137. HEVC is provided only on devices with hardware support (the range is the same as Edge).</p>
```

Reviewer 2: thanks!
